README.md, before:

# LibFont.js

This is a JavaScript translation/implementaion of the bitmap fonts from SerenityOS.

**Demo:** [https://macdue.github.io/LibFont.js/](https://macdue.github.io/LibFont.js/)

// TODO: Make a nicer README.md :^)

Example usage:
```js
const canvas = document.getElementById("some-canvas");
const ctx = canvas.getContext('2d');
// Set the fillStyle to any color you like!
ctx.fillStyle = 'black';

LibFont.BitmapFont.loadFont('./KaticaBold10.font').then(font => {
  font.drawTextInto(ctx, 10, 10, "Well, hello friends!");
})
```

## API

### BitmapFont

#### Static Methods:

- `LibFont.BitmapFont.loadFont(url) -> Promise<BitmapFont>`
  - Load a `.font` file from a URL
- `LibFont.BitmapFont.loadFontFromArrayBuffer(buffer) -> BitmapFont`
  - Load a `.font` file from an array buffer
- `LibFont.BitmapFont.loadFontFromUint8Array(array) -> BitmapFont`
  - Load a `.font` from a uint8 array

#### Class Methods:

- `font.drawTextInto(canvasCtx, drawX, drawY, text)`
  - Draw a some text into a canvas at `(drawX, drawY)`
- `font.glyph(codepoint) -> Glpyh`
  - Lookup the glyph for `codepoint`
- `font.glyphIndex(codepoint) -> Integer`
  - Look up the glyph index for `codepoint`
- `font.containsGlyph(codepoint) -> bool`
  - Check if a font contains a glyph for `codepoint`

#### Properties:

- `font.name`
- `font.family`
- `font.glyphHeight`
- `font.minGlyphWidth`
- `font.maxGlyphWidth`
- `font.glyphSpacing`
- `font.baseline`
- `font.meanLine`
- `font.presentationSize`
- `font.weight`
- `font.slope`
- `font.fixedWidth`
- `font.glyphCount`

### Glyph

#### Class Methods:

- `glyph.toDataURL(fillStyle='black') -> string`
  - Converts the glyph into a data URL (that can be used as the `src` of an `img` tag)

#### Properties:

- `glyph.bitmap` (is a `GlyphBitmap`)
- `glyph.leftBearing`
- `glyph.advance`
- `glyph.ascent`

### GlyphBitmap

#### Static Methods:

- `LibFont.GlyphBitmap.bytesPerRow()`

#### Class Methods:

- `bitmap.paintInto(canvasCtx, x, y)`
  - Paint a glyph bitmap into a canvas at `(x, y)`
- `bitmap.bitAt(x,y)`
  - Look up the pixel (bit) of a glyph at `(x, y)`
- `bitmap.row(index)`
- `bitmap.rowSlice(y)`

#### Properties:

- `bitmap.width`
- `bitmap.height`

Commit message:

LibFont: Add font.getTextAsDataURL(text) and associated helpers

README.md, after:

# LibFont.js

This is a JavaScript translation/implementaion of the bitmap fonts from SerenityOS.

**Demo:** [https://macdue.github.io/LibFont.js/](https://macdue.github.io/LibFont.js/)

// TODO: Make a nicer README.md :^)

Example usage:
```js
const canvas = document.getElementById("some-canvas");
const ctx = canvas.getContext('2d');
// Set the fillStyle to any color you like!
ctx.fillStyle = 'black';

LibFont.BitmapFont.loadFont('./KaticaBold10.font').then(font => {
  font.drawTextInto(ctx, 10, 10, "Well, hello friends!");
})
```

## API

### BitmapFont

#### Static Methods:

- `LibFont.BitmapFont.loadFont(url) -> Promise<BitmapFont>`
  - Load a `.font` file from a URL
- `LibFont.BitmapFont.loadFontFromArrayBuffer(buffer) -> BitmapFont`
  - Load a `.font` file from an array buffer
- `LibFont.BitmapFont.loadFontFromUint8Array(array) -> BitmapFont`
  - Load a `.font` from a uint8 array

#### Class Methods:

- `font.drawTextInto(canvasCtx, drawX, drawY, text)`
  - Draw a some text into a canvas at `(drawX, drawY)`
- `font.glyph(codepoint) -> Glpyh`
  - Lookup the glyph for `codepoint`
- `font.glyphIndex(codepoint) -> integer`
  - Look up the glyph index for `codepoint`
- `font.containsGlyph(codepoint) -> bool`
  - Check if a font contains a glyph for `codepoint`
- `font.forEachGlyph(text, callback)`
  - Iterate over all glyphs in some text
- `font.textWidth(text) -> integer`
  - Get the width of some text (in pixels)
- `font.getTextAsDataURL(text, fillStyle='black') -> string`
  - Get some text as a data URL image (that can be used as the `src` of an `img` tag)

#### Properties:

- `font.name`
- `font.family`
- `font.glyphHeight`
- `font.minGlyphWidth`
- `font.maxGlyphWidth`
- `font.glyphSpacing`
- `font.baseline`
- `font.meanLine`
- `font.presentationSize`
- `font.weight`
- `font.slope`
- `font.fixedWidth`
- `font.glyphCount`

### Glyph

#### Class Methods:

- `glyph.toDataURL(fillStyle='black') -> string`
  - Converts the glyph into a data URL image (that can be used as the `src` of an `img` tag)

#### Properties:

- `glyph.bitmap` (is a `GlyphBitmap`)
- `glyph.leftBearing`
- `glyph.advance`
- `glyph.ascent`

### GlyphBitmap

#### Static Methods:

- `LibFont.GlyphBitmap.bytesPerRow()`

#### Class Methods:

- `bitmap.paintInto(canvasCtx, x, y)`
  - Paint a glyph bitmap into a canvas at `(x, y)`
- `bitmap.bitAt(x,y)`
  - Look up the pixel (bit) of a glyph at `(x, y)`
- `bitmap.row(index)`
- `bitmap.rowSlice(y)`

#### Properties:

- `bitmap.width`
- `bitmap.height`
